Add Thycotic Secret Server plugin #21 (#22)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-secrets-providers: README.md

![Screenshot of secret using HashiCorp Vault](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-secrets-providers/develop/docs/images/screenshot04.png "Secret using HashiCorp Vault")

---

![Screenshot of secret using Thycotic Secret Server by ID](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-secrets-providers/develop/docs/images/screenshot05.png "Secret using Thycotic Secret Server by ID")

---

![Screenshot of secret using Thycotic Secret Server by Path](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nautobot/nautobot-plugin-secrets-providers/develop/docs/images/screenshot06.png "Secret using Thycotic Secret Server by Path")

## Installation

> > Nautobot Secrets Providers is compatible with Nautobot 1.2.0 and higher on Python 3.7 and higher. Python 3.6 is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Nautobot Secrets Providers is compatible with Nautobot 1.2.0 and higher. Support for Thycotic Secret Server requires Python 3.7 or later.
```
